Add instructions for running the template update script (#178)
DevExpress/devextreme-cli: README_DEVELOPERS.md

npm run test-dev
```

> ## Run Tests for Individual Framework

Reviewer: This change is incorrect.
```suggestion
## Run Tests for an Individual Framework
```

## Replace etalon

To replace etalon image just remove it from `packages/devextreme-cli/testing/__tests__/__image_snapshots__` folder and run tests again

> ## Run Updating Templates for Existing Applications

Reviewer 2: I think that updating templates is a separate flow and should be documented in a separate section (not in `Testing`).

Author: Added section

> 

Reviewer 2: I also suggest to describe the process of updating templates in more details. What applications will the script use to update templates? What is their location? How to initialize them(the command won't work if `sandbox` folder is empty)?

## Replace etalon

To replace etalon image just remove it from `packages/devextreme-cli/testing/__tests__/__image_snapshots__` folder and run tests again

# Updating Templates

> It moves the changes from the generated application in `testing/sandbox` to the template in `templates` according to the framework.

Reviewer 3: Maybe  you pock some word combination from this:

> After you modified the generated application you can apply these changes to the app-template itself by running the auto-updating script.

Actually, I don't know which is better, it'is a hard thing to write a definition for.

**Generated application required.**

## Run Updating Templates for Existing Applications

```sh
npm run update-template
```

> ## Run Updating Templates for an Individual Framework

Reviewer 3: Ok, I see we already have 2 topics for running tests

## Replace etalon

> To replace etalon image just remove it from `packages/devextreme-cli/testing/__tests__/__image_snapshots__` folder and run tests again

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
To replace ab etalon image just remove it from `packages/devextreme-cli/testing/__tests__/__image_snapshots__` folder and run tests again
```

Reviewer: This sentence will be fixed in another PR.

> # Modifying Templates
> 
> In order to make a change to the template you need:
> 1.generate testing applications in `testing/sandbox`;
> 2.modify it's files and check its;
> 3.run the update command.
> It moves the changes from the generated application in `testing/sandbox` to the template in `templates` according to the framework.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Modifying Application Templates

If you need to modify an application template, we recommend that you create a real application based on this template and modify this application instead. This is easier because a real application can be run, and you can see how your modifications affect it, which would not be possible if you were to modify the template directly.

To modify an application template, follow these instructions:

1. Generate an application based on the template in the `testing/sandbox` folder.
2. Modify the application as required.
3. Run a script that updates templates for all frameworks:

    ```sh
    npm run update-template
    ```
... or a script that updates the template for an individual framework:

    ```sh
    npm run update-template -- -p angular
    npm run update-template -- -p vue
    npm run update-template -- -p react
    ```
```

> If you need to modify an application template, we recommend that you generate a real application based on this template and modify this application instead. This is easier because a real application can be run, and you can see how your modifications affect it, which would not be possible if you were to modify the template directly.

Reviewer 4: This is written in first person. We usually don't write help docs in first person. Did you have permission to do this? Also, the second sentence is too long with too many ideas. Break it up and rewrite.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is not recommended that you modify an application template directly. Instead, generate a real application based on this template and modify this application. This is easier because a real application can be run, and you can see how your modifications affect it. Follow these instructions:
```

Reviewer 4: Modifying an application template directly is not recommended.

> 
> To modify an application template, follow these instructions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

## Replace etalon

To replace etalon image just remove it from `packages/devextreme-cli/testing/__tests__/__image_snapshots__` folder and run tests again

> # Modifying Application Templates

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Modify an Application Template
```

> If you need to modify an application template, we recommend that you create a real application based on this template and modify this application instead. This is easier because a real application can be run, and you can see how your modifications affect it, which would not be possible if you were to modify the template directly.

Reviewer 5: I suppose it's unclear here that the real application should not be created manually. It will by created in `testing/sandbox` folder by the testing environment.

Reviewer: This paragraph explains how this works, without getting into the details. I guess we can use "generate" instead of "create" to underline that there's no need to create the project manually.

```suggestion
If you need to modify an application template, we recommend that you generate a real application based on this template and modify this application instead. This is easier because a real application can be run, and you can see how your modifications affect it, which would not be possible if you were to modify the template directly.
```

To modify an application template, follow these instructions:

1. Generate an application based on the template in the `testing/sandbox` folder.
2. Modify the application as required.
3. Run a script that updates templates for all frameworks:

```sh
npm run update-template
```
... or a script that updates the template for an individual framework:

```sh
npm run update-template -- -p angular
npm run update-template -- -p vue
npm run update-template -- -p react
```

> ## Auto-Updating Templates for All the Frameworks

Reviewer: Since we now give the commands straight in the intructions, this and the next section are no longer required.
